ADR 2: Service layer for testable business logic
================================================

Context
-------

As we are currently using it, Pyramid is a model-view-template (MVT) web
application framework. Models describe domain objects and manage their
persistence, views handle HTTP requests, and templates define the user
interface.

"Business logic" is a shorthand for the heart of what the application actually
does. It is the code that manages the interactions of our domain objects, rather
than code that handles generic concerns such as HTTP request handling or SQL
generation.

It is not always clear where to put "business logic" in an MVT application:

- Some logic can live with its associated domain object(s) in the models layer,
  but this quickly gets complicated when dealing with multiple models from
  different parts of the system. It is easy to create circular import
  dependencies.

- Putting logic in the views typically makes them extremely hard to test, as
  this makes a single component responsible for receiving and validating data
  from the client, performing business logic operations, and preparing response
  data.

There are other problems associated with encapsulating business logic in views.
Business logic typically interacts directly with the model layer. This means
that either a) all view tests (including those which don't test business logic)
need a database, or b) we stub out the models layer for some or all view tests.
Stubbing out the database layer in a way that doesn't couple tests to the view
implementation is exceedingly difficult, in part due to the large interface of
SQLAlchemy.

One way to resolve this problem is to introduce a "services layer" between views
and the rest of the application, which is intended to encapsulate the bulk of
application business logic and hide persistence concerns from the views.

`This blog post`_ by Nando Farestan may help provide additional background
on the motivation for a "services layer."

.. _This blog post: http://dev.nando.audio/2014/04/01/large_apps_with_sqlalchemy__architecture.html

Decision
--------

We will employ a "services layer" to encapsulate business logic that satifies
one or both of the following conditions:

1. The logic is of "non-trivial" complexity. This is clearly open to
   interpretation. As a rule of thumb: if you have to ask yourself the question
   "is this trivial" then it is probably not.

2. The business logic handles more than one type of domain objects.

The services layer will be tested independently of views, and used from both
views and other parts of the application which have access to a request object.

Services will take the form of instances with some defined interface which are
associated with a request and can be retrieved from the request object.

Status
------

Accepted.

Consequences
------------

We hope that adding a services layer will substantially simplify the process of
writing and, in particular, testing view code.

Views tests will likely be able to run faster, as they can be unit tested
against a stubbed service, rather than having to hit the database.

We will no longer need to stub or mock SQLAlchemy interfaces for testing, thus
reducing the extent to which tests are coupled to the implementation of the
system under test.

To achieve these things we are introducing additional concepts ("service",
"service factory") the purpose of which may not be immediately apparent,
especially to programmers new to the codebase.

There will likely be non-service-based views code in the codebase for some time,
thus we are potentially introducing inconsistency between different parts of the
code.
